butter sandwich for the price of sandwiches with
red caviar in kindergartens of Simferopol
buys food on the same
prices like the market with this parents
forced to overpay and suppliers
heads of preschool institutions on
this earn good food in
kindergartens going up quickly and
ruthlessly the first to feel this steel
parents if back in november for breakfast
lunch and your child's feat they paid
600 700 rubles now the dachshund has grown
Already twice the menu has not increased the amount
grew
Last time I got a receipt before
the new year it was 1,400 rubles
it's almost two and a half times bigger
than we paid earlier according to
Resolution of the administration of Simferopol
amount per meal per child day
age from 1 to 3 years
now it will be 102 rubles from three to
Seven 132 one half will pay out
city ​​budget
and the second parents are large families
only 25 percent but there is in this and
the dark side which executives
kindergartens hide from adults purpose
cash in on kids pay parental
produced upon not fixed
the sum of something inside paradise is 22 days old child
must be out of this amount the child must
new parents pay for the child
then there will be in fact
so that everyone understands the children give
quality food that checks
Rospotrebnadzor and specialized
commission but some children's staff
gardens try to take advantage of the moment and
not to report the baby in the amount of plate
which is allocated to baby food in
the day was clearly not being eaten and was for breakfast
milk porridge sandwich with cheese and butter
tea with lemon
for lunch we have beetroot soup with sour cream
mashed potato stew with vegetables
compote but at lunch we go this
orange bun and this drink is another
skeleton in the closet Simferopol children's
Gardens for the supply of products while price
politics in Crimea is on
depressive level on this try
to cash in all and sundry
determine who exactly is the threshold
legislative verification is impossible
kindergarten leaders refer to
of suppliers
they in turn explain the markup
objective factors in their opinion meat
let's say boneless 30 390 rubles with
bone 340 rubles so the most cottage cheese 220
rubles 170 rubles
butter 325 rubles a kilogram
the apples will be the same as
prices on the market brought apples yesterday
Apple 41 41 ruble
orange 75 rubles the scene for which
purchased product kindergarten are the same
more than market
although everything should be the other way around
because preschool leaders
institutions must and procure either
Directly supplier or wholesale
cost suffer from it primarily
parents who are forced to pay for
feeding their child the amount that they
will say to make sure we come
in 3 first stalls in the wholesale
the market
orange is 48 rubles all from rubles
take rubles and beautiful yes but apples
apples for 40 rubles the sum of all roads
orange the result is not surprising and so
unscrupulous suppliers
replenish your wallet at least twice
parents overpay and city budget
thins the city authorities hinted
if the entrepreneur and will continue
earn on little krymchanok grief
businessmen will be replaced by those who are ready
keep adequate
and stable price arti marti market bloop
Cheremisin Sergey Trump
of news